Refactor getting started guide to use the sample spring-petclinic (#1085)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/getting-started/partials/deploy-db-pgcluster.adoc

> == Create a PostgreSQL database instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Creating a PostgreSQL database instance
```

Author: thx

> The application is going to use to a PostgreSQL database service which
> can be installed using OLM. We will use https://operatorhub.io/operator/postgresql[Crunchy PostgreSQL Operator
> from OperatorHub.io]. We need to make sure that the Operator is
> availabe in our `{quickstart-namespace}` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario uses a PostgreSQL database service, which you must install using an Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).

[discrete]
.Prerequisites

* You have installed the https://operatorhub.io/operator/postgresql[Crunchy PostgreSQL Operator from OperatorHub.io] and the Operator is available in the `{quickstart-namespace}` namespace.
```

Author: thx

> The installation of the Operator does not create a database instance. To create a database service instance, you need to create `PostgresCluster` custom resource which will be processed by the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation of the Crunchy PostgreSQL Operator does not create a database instance. To create a database service instance, you must create the following custom resource (CR), which will be processed by the Operator:
```

Author: thx

+++ <details><summary> +++

> `PostgresCluster` resource to run database instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PostgresCluster` resource to run the actual database instance
```

Author: thx

+++ </summary><div> +++
[source,yaml]
----
include::attachment$pgcluster-deployment.yaml[tag=db-deployment]
----
+++ </div></details> +++

> To create a database instance, create a `PostgresCluster` custom resource by running the following command:

Reviewer: Suggestion: From here, please apply all the comments given for all the procedures in the Connecting PetClinic application to PostgreSQL database section.

Author: thx

== Create a PostgreSQL database instance

The application is going to use to a PostgreSQL database backend which

> can be setup using the `v5` channel of

Reviewer 2: do we really need to mention the channel? It is default one, so perhaps to avoid mentioning to avoid later changes, if their default channel changes.

Author: Some time ago we didn't mention the channel (it was before v5 was available) and let user to install the latest. Then we have the scenario working with the particular api. But then v5 has become available (with different api) and became the latest and it caused the scenario to stop working because the API changed. So, back then we decided to pin the version of the channel to keep it consistent with the api used by the quickstart. It was actually a request from the downstream docs to make it so.

Reviewer 2: Hm, but that means that we should start catching regressions. IMHO the user guide should try to use the latest available versions. 

Do we have acceptance tests that the scenarios advertised in the quick start? If not, we should definitely add them within this PR.

Author: we do not have such scenarios yes... however, I plan to add it once the quickstart is aggreed upon and merged.

https://operatorhub.io/operator/postgresql[Crunchy PostgreSQL operator
from OperatorHub.io]. We just need to make sure that the operator is
availabe in our `my-postgresql` namespace.

> The installation of the operator doesn’t create a database instance

Author: thx

> itself, so we need to create one.

Author: thx

To create a database instance, you need to create custom resource
`PostgresCluster` and that will trigger the operator reconciliation. For
convenience, run this command to create `PostgresCluster` custom

> resource:

Author: thx

+++ <details><summary> +++
`PostgresCluster` resource to run database instance
+++ </summary><div> +++
[source,yaml]
----
include::attachment$pgcluster-deployment.yaml[tag=db-deployment]
----
+++ </div></details> +++

For convenience, you can run this command to create the database\'s resources:
[source,bash,subs="attributes,macros"]
----
kubectl apply -f link:{attachmentsdir}/pgcluster-deployment.yaml[pass:a[{site-url}/{page-component-name}/{page-module}/{attachmentsdir}/pgcluster-deployment.yaml]] -n {quickstart-namespace}
----

Once the database is created, we need to ensure all the pods in

> `my-postgresql` namespace are running (it will take few minutes):

Author: thx

[source,bash]
----
kubectl get pods -n {quickstart-namespace}
----

> You should see output something like this:

Author: thx

[source,terminal]
....
NAME                               READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
hippo-backup-jxv6--1-smqkz         0/1     Completed   0          42s
hippo-instance1-ml48-0             3/3     Running     0          119s
hippo-pgbouncer-56db454d6b-782hg   2/2     Running     0          118s
hippo-repo-host-0                  1/1     Running     0          118s
....

> We have now finished to configured the database for the application. We

Reviewer 2: spelling: `configure`

Author: thx
